MachinePool documentation updates (#1500)
openshift/hive: docs/using-hive.md

### Machine Pools

> `MachinePool` is a YAML configuration by which you can create and scale work nodes on a deployed cluster. A `MachinePool` will create `MachineSet` resources on the deployed cluster equivalent to the number of configured Availability Zones (AZ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MachinePool` is a YAML configuration by which you can create and scale worker nodes on a deployed cluster. A `MachinePool` will create `MachineSet` resources on the deployed cluster equivalent to the number of configured Availability Zones (AZ).
```

> `MachinePool` is a YAML configuration by which you can create and scale worker nodes on a deployed cluster. A `MachinePool` will create `MachineSet` resources on the deployed cluster equivalent to the number of configured Availability Zones (AZ).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`MachinePool` is a YAML configuration by which you can create and scale worker nodes on a deployed cluster. A `MachinePool` will create `MachineSet` resources on the deployed cluster. If supported on your cloud, those MachineSets will automatically span all AZs, or you can specify an explicit list.
```

  flavor: m1.large
```

#### Configuring Availability Zones

> The desired Availability Zones (AZ) to create new worker nodes in can be specified in the `MachinePool` YAML (`spec.platform.<provider>.zones`), for example:

Reviewer 3: > specified in the `MachinePool` YAML (`spec.platform.<provider>.zones`),

might want to reword it on the lines of ``specified in the `MachinePool` YAML usually `spec.platform.<provider>.zones`,`` to make it clear that different platforms can have different paths for this value.

```yaml
apiVersion: hive.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachinePool
metadata:
  name: mycluster-worker
  namespace: mynamespace
spec:
  clusterDeploymentRef:
    name: mycluster
  name: worker
  platform:
    aws:
      rootVolume:
        iops: 100
        size: 22
        type: gp2
      type: m4.xlarge
      zones:
        - us-east-1a
        - us-east-1b
  replicas: 3
```

> If the Availability Zones are not configured in the `MachinePool`, then all of the AZs in the region will be used and a `MachineSet` resource will be created for each AZ.

Reviewer 2: Likely only true on AWS, GCP, and Azure.

#### Auto-scaling

> `MachinePools` can be configured to auto-scale to scale up or down worker nodes as needed based on resource utilization of the deployed cluster by creating a `ClusterAutoscaler` on the deployed cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`MachinePools` can be configured to auto-scale the number of worker nodes as needed based on resource utilization of the deployed cluster. (this feature creates a `ClusterAutoscaler` resource in the deployed cluster)
```

```yaml
apiVersion: hive.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachinePool
metadata:
  name: mycluster-worker
  namespace: mynamespace
spec:
  clusterDeploymentRef:
    name: mycluster
  name: worker
  platform:
    aws:
      rootVolume:
        iops: 100
        size: 22
        type: gp2
      type: m4.xlarge
  autoscaling:
    minReplicas: 3
    maxReplicas: 6
```

The number of minimum replicas must be equivalent to the number of configured Availability Zones.

The `spec.replicas` and `spec.autoscaling` configurations cannot be configured simultaneously.

> The `spec.autoscaling.maxReplicas` is an optional field, if it is not configured, then nodes will be auto-scaled without restriction based on resource utilization needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `spec.autoscaling.maxReplicas` is an optional field. If it is not configured, then nodes will be auto-scaled without restriction based on resource utilization needs.
```

> ##### Integration with Horiztonal Pod Autoscalers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Integration with Horizontal Pod Autoscalers
```

> A `MachinePool` configured to auto-scaling mode creates a `ClusterAutoscaler` on the deployed cluster. `ClusterAutoscalers` can co-exist and work with Horiztonal Pod Autoscalers to ensure that there are enough available nodes to meet the auto-scaled pod replica count requirements. See excerpt from OpenShift documentation:

Reviewer: Can this be linked to said documentation?

Author: Hey Eric, thanks for the quick reviews.  I can change the copy/paste to a link, but I wasn't sure if there would be some concern about the link getting stale since it would be pinned to a specific OCP version doc.

Reviewer: Nono, keep the quote -- just add the link as well.

(Agree about stuff getting stale, it's always a problem.)
